Bluetooth: Mesh: Add Silvair EnOcean Proxy Server model and sample (#4664)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: include/bluetooth/mesh/vnd/silvair_enocean_srv.rst

.. _bt_mesh_silvair_enocean_srv_readme:

Silvair EnOcean Proxy Server
############################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

The Silvair EnOcean Proxy Server model integrates an EnOcean switch together with :ref:`bt_mesh_onoff_srv_readme` and :ref:`bt_mesh_lvl_srv_readme` models, enabling dimming and on/off light control.
It implements the `Silvair EnOcean Switch Mesh Proxy Server`_ specification.

The model initializes the :ref:`bt_enocean_readme` library.
The EnOcean switch can be automatically commissioned if option :option:`CONFIG_BT_MESH_SILVAIR_ENOCEAN_AUTO_COMMISSION` is set.

> The Silvair EnOcean Proxy Server consists of one or two elements.

Reviewer: This sounds a bit strange. I would propose
```suggestion
The Silvair EnOcean Proxy Server uses either one or two elements on a node.
```

Each element handles its own button pair and has its own corresponding :ref:`bt_mesh_onoff_srv_readme` and :ref:`bt_mesh_lvl_srv_readme` models.

> These models do not need any configuration as this is handled by the Silvair EnOcean Proxy Server model.

Reviewer: This is misleading a bit. A suggetion.

```suggestion
These models should not be accessed by the user application as the Silvair EnOcean Proxy Server model uses these models to sent messages. The publication settings of these client models can be configured to control a specific light or group of lights.
```

.. code-block:: c

   struct bt_mesh_silvair_enocean_srv enocean;

   static struct bt_mesh_elem elements[] = {
	   BT_MESH_ELEM(
         1,
		   BT_MESH_MODEL_LIST(BT_MESH_MODEL_SILVAIR_ENOCEAN_BUTTON(&silvair_enocean, 0)),
		   BT_MESH_MODEL_LIST(BT_MESH_MODEL_SILVAIR_ENOCEAN_SRV(&silvair_enocean))),
   	BT_MESH_ELEM(
         2,
		   BT_MESH_MODEL_LIST(BT_MESH_MODEL_SILVAIR_ENOCEAN_BUTTON(&silvair_enocean, 1)),
		   BT_MESH_MODEL_NONE),
   };

The Silvair EnOcean Proxy Server does not require any message handler callbacks.

.. note::
   The state machine behavior in this implementation of the `Silvair EnOcean Switch Mesh Proxy Server`_ specification differs slightly from the published specification document.
   As in accordance with the specification, no new Generic Delta Set messages are sent when a button is held down for longer than the delta timeout.
   The deviation from the specification is that the state machine stays in the Delta ON or Delta OFF state, meaning that a Generic OnOff message is not sent when the button is released, even after the delta times out.

States

> =======

Reviewer 2: I just noticed that a few lines under some of the headings are longer than the text. Borderline OCD... 🤪

None

Extended models
================

None

Persistent storage
===================

> If :option:`CONFIG_BT_ENOCEAN_STORE` is enabled, the Silvair EnOcean Proxy Server stores the mapped EnOcean device address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If :option:`CONFIG_BT_ENOCEAN_STORE` is enabled, the Silvair EnOcean Proxy Server stores the commissioned EnOcean device address.
```
